yeah what is this girl saying it is what
it is okay they want good looks read the
Quran I'm not joking read the Quran
specifically the ayats where Allah is
talking about marriage you it's so
easily it's very easily and very easy to
understand I think it's the majority of
women there are obviously you know one
in 10 women who don't look for
materialistic things um and to be honest
I don't always blame them either you
know with the way some some people have
been brought up their parents have been
telling them this is what you need in a
man to the from the Western like
standard we would be seen as gold
diggers but listen this is our right
yeah this is our right given to us by
Allah so who are you to say that but
it's an issue of because Allah is the
one that gives you I'm say for you to
think that if that person for example
are you wealthy yes yes yes how do you
know that man not going to lose his
money and how do you he going to make
you happy a leader meaning someone who
lead me someone who I can trust and I'll
respect your decisions and I'll let you
do your thing and I'll go with the flow
we do Center ourselves a lot around
Beauty um so we we want that to be seen
um and I feel like when that is missed
out in a in a marriage it can bring down
the female morale again obedience and
what I mean by that is like he's just a
genuinely obedient man to his role and
to his God and I and I didn't realize in
the moment that actually you know what I
didn't fully deep this was from Allah to
me of course you see and he took it from
me to Humble me and to show me look this
was never you in the first place it was
from me if as a man if you was to be put
in that position where your daughter uh
is uh looking for a looking for a
husband you would make sure that man
takes care of your daughter so why
wouldn't you do that for somebody else's
that you've just married specifically
how do you treat me when you're angry
how are you going to treat me if you
we've just had a disagreement just your
tone of voice it should be in your tone
of voice every time you speak because
even if you speak harshly at a time the
woman can build resentment against you
personally I feel men are more dishonest
than women and and I feel like that is a
projection because they are aware of
being dishonest they think that's what
we're looking for something there is
this magnetic aura that even they can't
put it into words that's why I don't
waste my time I'm asking them what do
you want I don't care I already know
what you want I know what you want okay
what is it what they want tell us tell
us honestly
will the thing that women complain about
the most is the compassion things and
they didn't put that down yeah so crazy
and I feel like this is probably the
biggest issue that we face is not
feeling like we're getting enough
compassion the defend against a rapid
spread of microplasma pneumonia AKA
white lung disease using black resins
sagit packed with immune boosting
properties cogit has been scientifically
proven to promote respiratory Health
aiding in oxygen absorption while also
making the body infection resistant
strengthen your family's immune system
ahead of the new outbreak this winter
don't forget to use my discount code
Alid dawa for 15% off
enjoy brothers and sisters and dear
friends hope you guys are well inah
welcome to another episode of the bit
trp show uh we are looking for new panel
guests uh inah if you want to get
involved uh you can apply at the bitter
truth show gmail.com uh we are looking
for new guests and panelists inshallah
you can apply there um and we film
usually once a month um so please in if
you want to join us you can U but let's
get in straight into it today's topic is
a little bit um so we're doing in a
different way where we are going to be
inshallah reacting uh well we've done
the reaction but we're going to in
getting the sisters to react to our
results so the topic at hand is uh what
do we as men believe woman look for in a
husband so this can be four to five uh
specific things uh so as men what is our
assumptions what do we think women look
for I'm going to be the one who's going
to be writing these down I'm going to
leave the floor to you guys uh so let's
start off with you AI insh what do you
think tell tell me tell me the top three
let's discuss the top three then we'll
slowly narrow it down in yeah so tell me
what you believe the top three things a
woman looks for in a
man I think
that there is a general conception that
women are looking for men that are
wealthy and established and all of that
but I think that at the very
core what a woman wants more than
anything else is
honesty that I think that core value is
that if he doesn't have that if he's
dishonest then that means that she can't
trust him which means that her other
ideas of Security will never come into
play Because at her core she can't trust
him therefore how are you ever going to
have security if there is wealth she
won't know whether it's going to come to
her or not or whether it's going to go
anywhere else because he's dishonest so
whether they know it or not at her very
very core what a woman wants and I'm
assuming and basing this on women in
general being honest righteous and so on
but if she doesn't want a man that is
honest then that may be a reflection on
her but I think in general that would be
a core principle that a woman will want
okay honestly right yeah I'm going to
say the basic thing I do think it's
wealth I think that's what most women
look for um in a man um you know I've
I've been on dates um Hal of course
Halal public on yeah of course you know
I'd never do that to myself you never
that's Allah said do not wrong yourself
exactly all right so yeah wealth is um I
think that's the primary sort of factor
for most women when they're seeking a
potential spouse um first few questions
I always get is what do I do for work
what car I drive how much do I earn
Allah prot you from these people that's
why you're not married now you know if
you think about it actually Allah is
protecting you from these individuals
who the first thing they ask you is
about that I think it's the majority of
women there are obviously you know one
in 10 women who don't look for
materialistic things um and to be honest
I don't always blame them either you
know with the way some some people have
been bought up their parents have been
telling them this is what you need in a
man you need with like safety comes with
wealth you need this for an established
background you can raise a family with
wealth you can't do that if you're poor
so I'm not saying you know it's all
women's fault I'm just saying this is
how it is this is this is what I've
experienced and what I've seen others
experience so that's interesting because
um like you said the issue at hand is
it's very bizarre because it's like
we're putting our trust in material
things you can have an individual who's
a millionaire who can become poor you
can have somebody who's got nothing do
you get it so this is actually an issue
ofed and I'm not going to say but it's
an issue ofed because Allah is the one
that gives you get I'm trying to say for
you to think that if that person for
example oh are you wealthy yes yes yes
how do you know that man's not going to
lose his money and how do you know he's
going to make you happy do you get it do
you see our trust Li instead of having
trust in Allah subhana and having in him
our trust is more in the individual and
what he has to offer it's a sad reality
but it's a different topic um Mii so
what would you say a woman looks for
tell me three things I would say if you
don't mind before I answer
sure these women that you have met who
have said to you what do you drive and
so on where what environment do you meet
the majority of these women where are
you coming across these women is it ABS
or real life it's both Mutual Mutual
I've met for mutual friends and apps as
well I've met them in person what type
of circles are these women rolling in
are they would you consider them as
practicing Muslim as it's a mix of both
but what's the majority
majority so the consensus is is normally
they say they try and practice I don't
want to make assumptions but they say
you know they try their best essentially
so if you're fishing in that pond then
definitely that's going to be what they
tell you it all comes down to what pond
are you fishing in if you're fishing in
and I have to make this clarification
because I don't want the young men
watching to mistakenly believe that all
women are looking for your it's it's a
metric that is important I say that's
why it's a majority and I do think
practicing women who don't look for
materialistic things like money cars
houses um I think it's a minority now
there's nothing wrong with woman looking
for materialistic things she should look
mat I'm just saying that's just how it
is that's what I've experienced
definition of materialism because
materialism if you're talking about mat
a provider protector which is like okay
he's talking about people who are like
what car you drive how much you earn a
year he's talking about the which you
said that the pond that he's going or
comes across whatever is the the it's
just materialism he's not talking about
a woman who's like I want security cuz
in her nature she wants security he's
not talking about he's talking about
somebody who's like wealth wealth What
car what car do you drive what the
flipping up does that mean you know when
I met my wife I was driving a Toyota
Prius that didn't belong to me I was in
Uber so do you get I'm trying to see if
if my wife like ask me that question
I'll be like what does it matter I think
that's what you're talking about what do
you think yeah I would say if if it all
depends on the pond that you're fishing
in if you're in fishing in a pond where
the sisters are a bit 50/50 on her Iman
and she's young I'm assuming they're
young as well your your age demographic
you know late te early 20s and she's
like 50/50 on her Dean or maybe she's
not even practicing at all and she's
from the Tik Tok generation exactly as
you said basically then yeah you are
going to get that answer and I would
definitely recommend you fish in a
different pond because there are many
different ponds once you just zoom out
of that pond and you'll see oh wait okay
there are sisters in different ponds who
would be willing to seriously consider
me despite the fact that I might not be
rich or whatever like there's an
overemphasis on wealth there really is
but so you're saying I've experienced
bias essentially experience bias right
excellent so you wouldn't say most women
they don't find wealth attractive of all
women find wealth attractive would you
say that it's one of their highest
priorities when finding her spouse the
less she rates you one of the top the
less she rates you the more she will
want to milk you okay so the less she is
attracted to you as an individual the
more she will place emphas I'm not
saying you now per se don't think I'm
throwing under the bus I'm not but a
general person the L she is actually
genuinely interested in that individual
the more of a emphasis she will have on
money it's like I don't really like this
guy but you know what he to old Russian
billionaires have these young super but
the thing is is a very important thing
if she's she's not attractive to you she
would look for other things if she
attracted to you it doesn't matter you
can be cleaning toilets and that she'll
still like have that attraction towards
you this is the problem I think men face
as well so women M up for money majority
of women do um but men will look for
looks so men will be okay with these
good-looking women looking for money
they know they can provide it and
they'll go based of looks this is all
materialistic essentially isn't it I
know I know a lot of men I don't
know a lot I don't know they can they
can afford it there's a price on looks
that's why if if we go to that specific
Pond that we're talking about that's why
it is transactional it's it's woman
wealth for a man it's looks it's
transactional what do you offer me what
off it's um supply and demand in that
sense and for a woman it's like an
insurance policy like you said the less
I'm attracted to you the more your money
is going to be an insurance policy for
me do you get it's like an accident yeah
I'm going to be covered here so that's
what they do for a woman is uh it's like
that but um so wealth I believe yes in
in in in the um like like I always say
every man is polygamous by nature for a
woman they have those luxuries of the Dy
they they like it and if you think about
that's why Allah subh doesn't go into
details of what a woman's going to get
in the here after because they'll be
upset if Allah said you're going to get
a palace with 55 bedrooms and four juses
they'll say but why not 56 so Allah
doesn't go into the detail of what a
woman's going to get and leaves it to
the imagination for us men it's very
simple rivers of milk this that I'm like
yeah alhamd I'm happy you get it but so
wealth um you've I've written here
honesty uh wealth they look for mat what
else so I would say this question of
what are women looking for in a man and
again I I hate to repeat what I
mentioned on the last episode but then
there will be new viewers who didn't
watch the last episode who don't know my
personal situation I'm not talking at my
backside I'm sorry to bore you gentlemen
but for the new viewers who are watching
and again I will preface what I'm about
to say any good I have is from Allah
subhana wa tala I'm not it's not a quote
of self amazement none this he can take
it from me as quickly as he gave it to
me and I'm sorry to bore you gentlemen
but I've been married for nearly two
decades I have multiple wives many
children 11 in total including the
orphans and I have alhamd I have too
many women to to choose it's too it's
too much it's becoming even line is is
too much and the men who have the same
similar experience to me we all have and
there are only a few a handful who have
this experience they're mult married to
multiple women they have no problem in
attracting and keeping them it's not a
problem and they have got like a big
bench to choose from if they wanted to
they all have this one underlying
quality they never concern themselves
with what does she want to make her
happy let me tell you the following for
the young men who are watching okay if
refer Allah subhana t to the best of
your ability firstly and foremostly okay
and Allah says in the
Quran whoever fears Allah will make a
way out for him from every difficulty
and he will provide him with risk from
means which of which he did not expect
this verse was revealed inah it's a it's
a Surah concerning marriage and divorce
and what the MU of the Quran have said
is that this Ayah of risk that is that
he will provide him with risk meaning
Allah will provide you with a spouse a
wife from somewhere you didn't even
expect it so this is your orientation I
fear Allah firstly and foremostly that's
the first thing done okay taking care of
the obligations and whatnot after that
you are not just hardworking not just
ambitious but you're actually executing
your plan you are on that path you are
making Headway even if it's slow you are
you the majority of your day is consumed
with whatever your professional goals
Ambitions uh strategy whatever it is
that's where you spend the majority of
your time if you fear Allah subhana wa
tala and then you are that guy who was
spending the majority of his time time
on productive Endeavors and doesn't
suffer from vices porn masturbation Etc
you will start to develop this Aura you
will become a bent magnet you will
become sick of it you will become scared
of fill in all four spots because you're
like man only four but there's so much
Choice it's going to be like that for
you so what's your orientation I fear
Allah subhana tala firstly and
foremostly after that the majority of my
day is spent on productive Endeavors and
I don't fall into vices and which goes
into fearing Allah subhana tala this you
are never going to what have a shortage
of sisters who will want to marry you
because their sisters have this sick
sense they can like smell it it doesn't
require an explanation by the way sister
this is my CV I went they can smell it
there is something different about you
there is this magnetic aura that even
they can't put it into words that's why
I don't waste my time asking them what
do you want I don't care I already know
what you you want I know what you want
okay what is it what they want tell us
tell us honesty i' written well
but but but for some some uh Brothers I
don't know what else what other category
give me one or two more that you believe
woman what okay you've mentioned give a
name to that you've mentioned something
but give me a name you mentioned this
term all the time all the time hyperon
we not hypergamous by nature and whatnot
yeah it all comes down to one thing one
word security if you fear Allah subhana
wa t to the best of your ability because
you're Muslims this is the Muslim
podcast majority of people are Muslims
and then you're hardworking and your
ambition and ambitious and you're making
actual like progress even if it's slow
it's okay you can be broke bro that's
not a problem the point is not how much
money you have the point is you are on
that mission you will craft a something
different about those guys it's an
energy that is hard to explain with
words that's why I don't bother asking
them cuz even they can't put their
finger on it or Define it with words
they talk about about the vibe what's
the vibe it's this I'm telling you it's
this we need the name for it what should
we call it like the the the he he wants
to say me we
need no but you know this is why this is
why it's very
important any good that you have
anything anything is from Allah and as
quickly as much he can take it from you
and the reason why I say this over and
over is because I don't want to be
tested with it having been taken away
from me I have been tested by Allah with
things taken away from me in the past
and I and and I didn't realize in the
moment that actually you know what I
didn't fully deep this was from Allah to
me of course you see and he took it from
me to Humble me and to show me look this
was never you in the first place exact
it was from me and to quote Tyson Fury
who said in one of his fights once I
give I give God the glory and he gives
me the
victory that's it we put the actions
into effect but actually the victory is
from Allah it's from him he gives it to
you it's from his mercy and he can take
it away from you I think sorry I think
what's really quite profound here and
maybe um it also really gives human
beings the idea of toed when you
recognize that your wives and your
wealth and your health that all of these
things are his mercy and he can take
each of them away for you to recognize
him because if you look at all of the
prophets they they've all been tested
with their health a alisam with their
children YF alisam um
what's you alam's father's name y so
it's all I think what maybe what you're
saying is that there is this um test
that we go through in our lives where we
have to recognize and become God
conscious that everything that's
happening is by his order and whether
it's your wife or your children or your
need to get married it will come from
him but your duty is to connect with him
let's use Ali as an example for a second
sorry
put I'm
finished I'm finished I want to use okay
Ali has over a million subscribers on
YouTube okay make it 2 million 10
million this is from Allah okay his the
SE of success of his channel and whatnot
but you can't say that this is not from
strategic planning and how to craft and
curate videos over the long long term
what 10 years plus now improving
constantly these micro adjustments that
you have to make constantly the two are
not mutually exclusive it is from Allah
tala and it is also from the action as
well you got to tie your you have to tie
the together yes it's true I agree with
that for example when it comes to the
time of the the man he said for example
why did you not tie your camel he said I
put my trust in Allah the Dynamics back
then were very interesting because the
man is saying he has up he was like 90%
10% me doing my bit the Dynamics have
shifted today it's 90% what I do
10% now we are in a situation where the
person is not tying the camel they have
strangled the camel and the camel is
dead do you get it because it's you know
what it is this a matter of I always
tell this to people everything that we
go through goes back to because right
now you're seeing I've tied now you you
trust in Allah they're like I don't know
let me tell you again and you are there
for so long your camel is dead because
you're thinking it is in my hands it's
not I personally ask people to recline
more to than their own hands I believe
both go simultaneously but I incline a
bit more to you get it but in today's
time which we face is I call it the
Amazon Prime which is what I order from
Amazon it comes back then it comes back
I mean I order it comes the following
day I don't I send it back fast cars
fast hand drives fast food everything is
so fast we implement this into our
lifestyle I have a problem with Mii I
never seen anything good from him bro
but what happened man you guys would
like argum me and we're not that close
because I don't know him but I've went
eating with him we've gone and chilled
AR may Allah increase our Brotherhood
the point is this but the moment we see
something wrong what do we do what do I
do with Amazon I don't like people I
send it back we apply this to our
lifestyle yeah so in nutshell that's
that's a whole kind of a different topic
on itself should we say should we call
that thing that you mentioned leadership
like frame one word frame frame frame
frame what do you mean by frame because
because because if you are doing what
you have to do as a man and then you're
going above and beyond as well for that
matter nothing needs to be explained
okay give me frame SL something we need
to we need to put put our finger on this
for the sake of the sisters yes frame SL
what is it is leadership is it uh
security like we talk about security
we've mentioned Security on their behalf
yeah a secure man should we call it a
secure man because you know the say
you're in it's not what you're saying
it's not because what he's and correct
me if I'm wrong I just call it the
Special formula
no formula no because what he's really
saying is that you have to be and you
have to be focused on your goals and
Ambitions to achieve so that you can
provide there a and that is God
Consciousness but you have to be working
hard for that look he's relating God
Consciousness is's praising Allah for
what he has what he's talking about is a
Formula which I know
I I know exactly what you're talking
about I want to give a name to that
because I know what you're saying it's
not something that you can explain it's
something that you live and show it's
it's it's it's a it's a four people
they're like okay I understand it's like
talking without talking did you get it
in my country we say I'll speak a little
you understand a lot yeah but but what
do we hold on hold on isn't that isn't
there Arabic word for that it's it's
it's Majesty you know you what it's it's
in Arabic there's a word for it um you
know when you have that's how you carry
yourself isn't it yeah but there's a
word for it in Arabic how you carry how
a man carries himself it's a jalali you
know like jalali you have a jalali
masculinity because there's jalali and
jamali jamali is like more Beauty soft
some
say which is jalali is Majestic in Arab
because Allah gives call it I just want
to preface one thing again for the young
men who are watching you right now and
that is don't don't ask the question of
how do I get how do I this is not
something you learn or you read in a
book it is a series of actions that you
yourself are putting into play every
single day in fact I'm reminded of
another Ayah and Allah
says those who fear their lord in
private they will have forgiveness and a
great reward okay so you fear Allah when
no one's watching you you're on your own
brother nobody's watching you're on your
own and you're doing what and now I'm
adding to that you're doing what you
must as a man and then going above and
beyond that W you're never going to have
do you know the only problem you're
going to have with women how do I pick
that's the only problem you're ever
going to
have that that's the word what's English
that is the word he can explain no no no
he can't it's the right word it's the
right word the only way I can explain it
is by saying it's that energy it's
something Hab is connected more to the
because it's in Arabic and Arabs will
understand let's do just this to the
best masculine energy masculine energy
or right see if they understand it who's
that someone in the comments is going to
let us
know guys time is running out let's get
okay we've got honesty we've got wealth
we've got security this um
habber lost what's the what what's one
other thing that we believe all women
look for
status I like that I like that because a
woman will pick a man datas but the
thing is don't you think women look for
online and offline by the way you
attraction attraction is not important
they are attract depends this AK with
with with us we we are like sometimes
you see a woman with a brother who just
like he might not be pleasing to the eye
yeah like Allah creation is beautiful
but with woman it's that status yeah if
you're a man like your looks might not
be just there but when you have certain
status or you have wealth it's woman you
become attractive yeah you become
attractive attraction is important but I
think this fits into this status thing
you know I I read that women are valued
for two things and men are valued for
two things okay men are valued for
wealth and Status yes and women are
valued for Youth and Beauty yeah these
very Co things okay one last thing so
we've got here um honesty wealth
security a status masculine whatever no
doubt I just want to add as a caveat to
status that it doesn't have to be online
status it could example you're
like IM in the
community you're somebody who's
responsible for organizing events like
some people recognize you are someone
who is responsible for something order
isn't it it's it's being high up in that
societal order basically it's um is it
hamist you said AB yeah so it's an
essential component of that isn't it
having a high status people will look up
to you people come for you for wisdom
women value that they look for that if
you're a man who has no societal
standards women aren't going to be
attracted talk about stand for example
like you are into your bodybuilding yeah
you do security I believe you're a m a
man of status because the fact that for
example you're sitting here I look at
your uh shoulders and I get a little bit
intimidated yeah the point is this J
said you have a status M you're a
handsome brother you have status you're
doing something you're driven you're out
there yeah but com under hard working or
some of motivation but here what we're
talking about from a woman's psychology
you I believe fit into that status you
get what I'm tring saying every man it's
not like yes you have the one that's the
top G like okay but we're talking about
is not just that's it there's people
underneath there as well that fit in
maybe not that quality in that sense but
they can fit into that many men can fit
into that in different ways but another
thing we've forgotten about is character
we've never said a character know you
think a woman a man can have everything
if he doesn't have a good character okay
so so so you saying character character
okay and also and also you work at the
doors yeah I've had a Jia going in clubs
Etc yeah I'm just saying this for the
benefit let me tell bouncers DJ they're
getting girls they're getting girls
bouncers you know what it is with
bouncers the reason reason women like
bouncers that is because you have this
manly thing about you yeah so the thing
is you're you're controlling you're the
one you're the one who decides are you
coming in or not you're the one when do
you see and even a DJ yeah sometimes
like in clubs there was certain I knew
IND like you know the guy does looked
apart but it's the status and I don't
know if it was Jordan Peterson which I
despise now dirt bag yeah but there's
some studies he does in Psychology he
was talking about a woman who
um she was in a meeting and this guy
came in like like a boss and he was
there and he was just she goes I felt so
attracted to him he goes I saw the same
man in a specific meeting and he was
being bossed around I lost attraction to
him yeah and also there was this other
woman who was in Jo Rogan's podcast she
was like oh my my boy my boyfriend MMA
and then he was getting beaten up and he
did this knock out and he goes he goes I
was so can you imagine this is what
we're talking about when people think
we're here CH out of our backsides this
is a reality in her case she was also a
world multi Champion exactly exactly so
she need somebody because women exactly
thank you yes so I say this for the
benefit of the viewers watching at home
yeah I'm not saying this to boast or
anything so one of my jobs I work in the
entertainment industry and um I don't
want to say exactly what but essentially
once I started doing that my status got
so high I was getting like obviously
looking back at it now you know it's not
good but I was getting DMS from everyone
exactly like females right say this for
the benefit of the viewers at home my
ego was so high I didn't know how to
control it I didn't know what to do but
my status was so high exactly and I'll
be honest in terms of looks and
character I'm I'm very average right but
when I got that when iome I was waiting
for you to say that I said that on
purpose you can say something oh it's
humble
arrogance but genuinely like Allah's my
witness when I started doing that I
started get so much attention I didn't
know how to deal with it and that made
me realize it's more like women do look
up for people within like sort of a
status level it could be anything it can
be it can be insecurity can be
entertainment it could be anything
anything that's what we see wom like a
man with power okay so guys I've written
down honesty wealth uh security status
masculine and character yeah those are
things we're going to leave with a
sister inah and I mentioned this in my
marriage documentary when I first came
to Islam there was before I came to
Islam there was I used to go to
university and I was looking into Islam
there was certain sisters that I kind of
approached for marriage um and they were
not really that interesting I mentioned
this in my documentary these are real
things I lived through yeah the same
sisters when I became Ali da yeah when I
transformed I don't know was the same
person but when I transformed yeah uh
the same sisters all of a sudden bro in
Instagram oh yeah I saw your Stuff Etc I
was like what changed what changed bro I
was like what change you just see it's
in the bloodb they're hardwired you get
what I'm trying to say it's like that
but anyways we've got our five we're not
going to show them to the sisters we're
going to let the sisters now react to
our um our list that we've made and
let's see if there's any match or not
inshallah we'll we're going to go to the
sister in we're going to leave uh the
called the stage of the sofa inshah
let's go to
them okay so what do you guys look for
in a husband please write four to five
things discuss it amongst yourself in
and then we're going to send you our
results in 15 minutes what you guys look
for want to start money I'm
joking no you're not joking we do joking
we're not joking we do want a
financially a man who can financially
provide for there's nothing wrong with
it you know what the Western the west
from to the from the Western like
standard we would be seen as gold
diggers but listen this is our right
yeah this is our right given to us by
Allah so who are you to say that listen
a man is supposed to be providing anyway
so we do want we do want a man who's
financially stable and who who is going
to provide for our basic necessities
we're not asking for much by the way
we're not asking us asking you to buy us
a Lamborghini and a house yeah so if I
had to like put that as point
I would say um what I look for in a man
is a leader um so I'll explain that
further a leader meaning someone who
lead me someone who I can trust and I'll
respect your decisions and I'll let you
do your thing and I'll go with the flow
um because you're a level-headed man you
know what you're doing but also you have
to lead my kids as well um that's what I
one point I would say
H uh okay so obviously this this is not
just a one point but to add um I would
say
respect um and acknowledgement are
probably like the two things obviously I
want to add like the dean aspect I I
feel like that would be personally
stated in the obvious so I'm I'm not
adding that in uh in in its entirety at
the moment but with the respect and the
um uh acknowledgement aspect on what I
mean by that respect when someone has
respect for you I feel that um
everything else falls into
place and it's the it can be the
foundation of everything else that we
ask for so or expect and that's why I
kind of I do see that as a fundamental
and a core value um second to that would
be the acknowledgement what I mean by
acknowledgement as a female we like to
be
recognized uh for our efforts or you
know just for what we do in the same way
men do as well like they want to be
recognized for what they put into the
marriage um but I feel like with with
females perhaps um is a lot more needed
with regards to the physical aspect um
we do expect kind of acknowledgement
over the way we look which is not so
much I feel with the males they don't
expect that as much um and you know we
do put we do Center ourselves a lot
around Beauty um so we we want that to
be seen um and I feel like when that is
missed out in a in a marriage it can
bring down the female morale um and it
can cause or can trigger for other
issues to arise in the other um aspects
of the marriage so um we're just
spilling at some point this is we've got
a whole list mate but it's just some
points that we're going
to yeah anyone else I'm just going to
add um again obedience and what I mean
by that is like he's just a genuinely
obedient man to his role and to his God
because again like you said that will
everything else comes after that if the
man's obedient to Allah and I really
mean this if he's obedient to Allah
everything else comes he's respectful
he's mindful I'm not going to I'm not
going to go more into the obedience
because again if he's a Muslim man he
should just be like that we expect him
to be like that but yeah mindful just be
mindful be mindful that You' have
married someone's daughter you have an
obligation to look after her you have a
duty to God to protect women and
children and from that for me everything
else Falls in place if he's mindful of
who he is what he's supposed to be doing
and his job and his role inshah um that
is a ultimate um win for me
yeah no you're I was going to say you're
absolutely right when a man is conscious
of God in in all aspects of his life in
every single step of the way you think
about Allah um you're going to naturally
fall into line with you know what a
husband should be and how you should be
treating another another um another
person's daughter exactly that's
literally what it is cuz if you was to
put if you if as a man if you was to be
put in that position where where your
daughter uh is uh looking for a looking
for a husband you would want that man to
you would make sure that man takes care
of your daughter so why wouldn't you do
that for somebody else's daughter that
you've just married yeah um so yeah just
I I also want to add a Twist as well
yeah because this is something I've
recently surfaced within my own
research that I'm looking me personally
myself my experience I'm looking for
Flaws
I'm actually looking for someone who
wears their floors on their sleeve
rather than hides it because when you're
going into you know when we're looking
for a spouse we constantly we always put
Perfections above flaws I think this is
why a lot of people make mistakes
they're looking for okay he he's he's
perfect in this aspect he's perfect in
this area he's perfectly doing this he's
perfectly doing his Dean like we spoke
about he looks he's got the th on the
kofy but the man's doing the madness in
the background do you understand yeah so
you're looking for authenticity yeah not
necessarily authenticity I just want
people to be mindful and be dis wear
their
discomfort stand it in your discomfort
if you're not let me just let me say
this if you're not perfect that's okay
just be okay not being perfect but when
you try to come across as perfect and
I've got all this in order and that in
order and oh yeah I've got this going on
that it it's it's like you're selling a
delusion a fake illusion to somebody but
if someone comes to me and says look I'm
not perfect I don't have a lot of money
I don't have this I'm I'm more inclined
to accept that than someone who's trying
to paint a perfect picture to me and be
something that they think I want just be
just wear your flaws like I'm not
perfect I've got no filter at the best
of times but I I'd rather you accept me
as that because that's what you're going
to actually get do you get it so someone
if a guy comes and he's he's wearing his
flaws on his sleeves as bad as it sounds
I'm more you're more likely going to
accept that from the person but that
doesn't sound bad because there's a
level of humility in in you saying look
um like I will provide let's say for
example let's say a man says I will
provide you all your um all your rights
but then I do have like let's say I do
have some character flaws that I am
working on um you are willing to you're
more willing to accept that because for
me what's important is that you accept
and you acknowledge that you have these
flaws and it it takes a it takes a
strong person to do that cuz you've
looked inwards and you're like okay
these are the things I need to work on I
and I do lack in like you've
acknowledged that to yourself and that
to me shows growth and being open about
it I just feel like a man is that who
comes and is open and honest and is
accountable and is responsible for his
flaws his weaknesses that's so
attractive accountability for me i' I'd
rather choose that man over the man
that's pretending over faking you know
mean you're faking it to make it some of
them do get through the hoop but they
don't have a good Landing yeah you get
it you get through the hoop with the
lies it's true and it's about managing
expectations I feel like when you over
oh sorry when you
overinflate uh the expectations of the
re you know whatever the other person
the wife you know is expecting and you
live up to those um her expectations
because she's been honest with what she
wants and you've you've actually been
dishonest by overinflating the reality
you're going to face the disappointment
later on in the in the marriage and
that's when it's going to start to
crumble because she's going to feel
deceived and that's what it comes down
to no one wants to deal with deceit and
it's going to make it's going to put
into question other aspects you know if
she's coming to the marriage with the
expectations that you've presented to
her that fulfilled her at the time and
then that's not the reality
it's not going to last long term you
know there's only so much you're going
to break that person down and she will
exit the marriage and you know it's so
don't don't sell a lies essentially what
I'm saying like sister said you just be
honest with who you are there will be
someone that will be um accepting and
understanding of whatever situation you
have where it's that you know you have a
job that is not as well paid as you
would hope you know will provide later
on if you have that mindset and she's
she has that mindset you're going to
match but to PR pretend that you're
earning x amount and that you're going
to be taken on three holidays a year
only for her to be bought into that
because that's what she wants you know
I'm saying it's me um but it's and then
you not fulfilling that then it's going
to cause arguments and that's when she's
going to start disrespecting you and
once the disrespect comes in once the
disrespect comes in
it breaks everything else down um and
then that's when the arguments start and
that's when the peace goes and you know
it's literally a domino effect of things
that come from you not portraying
yourself in the way that you
realistically should so exactly the
underlying problem in that is the fact
that you're being deceitful exactly
you're painting a picture that doesn't
exist your you're you're creating an
image in her head what the your future
marriage is going to be like you did
that and so then if it all comes
crashing down you're going to have to
face it you can't like you can't just
like then be oh well no you you you
created that uh reality in a head so
then you now you're going to have to
you're going to have to deal with it so
rather than if you want to avoid that
just just be fully fully honest be
yourself someone doesn't want to accept
it like they're not for you then they're
not for you okay so what I want to add
okay yeah another point that I've just
thought of yeah go um another thing I I
I personally look for in a man is
someone with good character and what I
mean by that is
specifically how do you treat me when
you're angry how are you going to treat
me if you we've just had a disagreement
um are you going to like completely like
abandon me and not care about me in that
moment or are you still going to be just
and kind and caring I think that's so
important cuz obviously coming from a
background of my mom being like like
full of rage and my coping mechanism was
just to avoid it completely yeah yeah
yeah I need a man to have emotional
intelligence when it comes to anger
because that's that's first of all
that's traumatic for kids to watch that
and I don't want that and second of all
it's just it's important for like a good
healthy relationship um that's what I
would say and also to add to that how do
you treat other people um in the sense
that the cleaner in that restaurant or
the waitress compared to that
businessman who is there a hierarchy in
your head or do you see everyone as the
same level including yourself and that's
all that's something really important
for me yeah you know you know what you
just said it's it's really important
charact we forget about the character um
we always forget but the character is so
important um how how
you how you decide to deal with certain
type of situations reflects a lot on
your character and I can't emphasize it
enough I can't I just can't and also
like what are you doing like for me
personally I like I need a man to be
striving in the way of Allah like you I
just you cannot be a regular Muslim who
just like uh um who just you know does
the basics and the bare minimum and then
you live your life doing the basics B
bare minimum like what are you doing to
serve the um like one thing I want to
add to that sorry um is just to let you
know we only expect what we have I think
that's only fair um you should never
expect something in a spouse if you
don't embody if you've never unied it
yourself of course um that's how I see
it I I expect things that I am the level
I'm at I obviously want you a bit higher
because you're a leader my my my thing
it it differs because I don't understand
and I'll never understand how somebody
can have a preference okay you can have
a preference okay that was a bit stupid
you can have a preference but to go into
so much detail about preference when
you've never been married is what
interests me and no this is to us
females like how do you know what you
want in a man let's leave Islam to the
side people that's a cop out for me I
want him to be a good brother on his
Dean that's a cop out yeah what is it
you're looking for realistically if
you've never experienced the a husband
like every woman's so different perhaps
maybe is there something about yourself
that you like and you think this is what
I want in the other person so you've
actually recognized your positive miror
that's what we tend to do exactly we
tend to do and we kind of project that
onto the person and if they don't match
that it's like okay well he's a psycho
he's this he's that he's not he's Shan
he's not compatibility but it's like
yeah but you're looking for yourself
okay can we to the brother's results
okay um so now we're going to be
reacting to what the brothers said from
the other podcast you guys want your
okay so sisters we've just had a
discussion um on what we look for in a
husband um and we've concluded that um
we look for a
provider uh someone with good character
yep uh someone that offers security
gives respect and is
compassionate um so that's our five uh
overall conclusions and we're going to
compare it now with what the brother
said um what they think we want in a
husband so um if we just so what the
brothers have said what they think that
women want in a man is
honesty wealth
security status and
character we'll find out if they're
right I mean everything but status I
think women compromise on that a lot do
I think everything else is spot on but
the status yeah we don't really care
about status no they do some women do it
just I feel like that there is is
something we we we compromise on what do
you mean by status I don't get that what
do you mean like a social stators like
he he's somebody in society I don't
really care about that neither do I I
don't care so can I just can I just
throw a question out there just to
explore this idea if you got two suitors
yeah right and they were both both
exactly the same yeah one was the CEO of
a company yeah and one uh was an IT
manager somewhere okay so like good
roles yeah which one would you choose
okay let me tell you the see uh no I'm
going for him it depends on character it
depends it depends on
every they're both exact they're both
exactly the
same categories the only difference
between the two is that one's the CEO of
a company and one you know Works in a
has a has
a I'm just going to put it in in ver I
don't want anyone to get offended
because I don't see that negative um
one's the CEO and one is running the IT
department I mean if you say it like
that I would pick the CEO yeah yeah I
get does matter kind of does to be
honest yeah but like I said it does
matter it really does but I feel like
it's something women do compromise on
and they regret it sorry I have to throw
that in there they will be like oh my
God why did I marri the the guy that's
you because the state when you have like
a more when you have that I have to
think about that uh goal driven mind cuz
if you're a CEO then it shows that you
have like you have a higher standard in
life whereas the other person doesn't no
but they're if they're an IT manager
they might be on the journey to CEO but
at that moment in time they've not
reached it yet the other
I agree I agree with but they're all
like the exact same in character Dean
and everything I feel like I feel like
their roles at work I feel like we pick
status because it's
like respect thing we feel like we
admire this man a bit more I get what
you're saying actually now I get it yeah
I understand where you're coming from
yeah yeah it's it's like oh yeah my my
husband's the CEO
this let's be honest women do if you've
had any Gatherings women do sit there
and they'll be praising their husband my
husband's got they got a new car you
know they do it they we do it we
actually do you feel proud is just yeah
it's pride and it's you know good Pride
it's good Pride so that's why they would
go for status but there status is
something they compromise on I'm not
going to lie we do we will be like he he
may have all of the other essential
stuff that you just said there but then
they'll say okay he might not be you
know the boss of his company but at
least he's humble at least he's good
I mean like all the other things make up
for that okay it's a big loss yes he's
he's not the boss but at least he treats
me good so that's why I mean like as
long as all the other things are he's
doing all the other uh stuff the woman's
willing to say okay I don't really care
about the status because he's covering
all the other things that you mentioned
you know uh what's interesting that I've
not I'm looking at the list right now uh
one thing that the brothers have
forgotten to mention is um what women
want is we want compassion and we want
we want love and we want all those not
emotions all the emotions and like we
want to be acknowledged we want to be
seen we we want to be told like we're
the most beautiful like freaking woman
in the world like you know
okay question I want to ask a question
to all of you guys yeah what does
compassion and reassurance look like to
you what do it's different for every
woman and I think and I'm glad you asked
that because I think on the last show
they mentioned about um the breakdown of
Muslim marriages now I think I was I was
trying to elaborate on when women when
you're married and you're married to a
man and you're going through anyone
that's experienced child birth or having
a child or postnatal or just trying to
conceive and all these hard things that
women have to go
through if the man is not compassionate
in those times and doesn't show you
support for me that's what compassion
and empathy looks like inside of a
marriage institution if the man doesn't
show that then for me that's not love
what is that specifically what when you
just said what does that look like it
looks like that when a man shows it he
know I get what you saying so what
you're basically saying when you're
going when you're up the most vulnerable
time in your life not even always
vulnerable like for him to just for him
to just um show that he like he sees you
like see you and I see what you're going
through um and I'm here for you I'm here
for that's when I feel like that's when
I manag to show comp like that's what we
want to hear yeah I feel that that's
when a man should be shown compassion
not you shouldn't expect it every day
all the time no you know kindness every
day all the time yeah you know that's
respect as well but compassion we talk
about compassion and empathy there's
specific times to show that when the
wife's stressed out or she's going
through Madness that's when the man
needs to show that so for me that's what
it looks like from from from a man I
agree with that I would also say
compassion should be how you're talking
because if you're just comp
compassion compassionate sorry um just
certain times because it's needed it's
fine that's great but it should be like
just your tone of voice it should be in
your tone of voice every time you speak
because even if you speak harshly at a
time the woman can build resentment
against you because uh at that time you
were you were harsh to her so it should
be like throughout should be flowy
shouldn't just be once it should be just
consistent yeah consistency that's the
word we want we want a man to be
consistent in his
gentleness we we're not we're not the
same as you guys be gentle we're like a
delicate flower treat us like a delicate
flower but um anyway you guys you didn't
answer my question what was your
question so it's to you I'm trying to
understand you guys um my question was
what does compassion and reassurance
look like to you individually like how
would your man like show it to you like
what what would light up your heart
whatever just basically just support me
just support me and help me feel seen if
I come to you um with with the problem
that I'm facing just just all I want is
to for you to say I hear you and I see
you um and and just don't try to
Sometimes women don't don't always want
you to like oh let me fix this for you
quickly let me fix let me put quickly
but B Banda bandaid on it no like
sometimes we just want you want you to
listen to us and hear hear us out but um
guys before we um we continue on
everything uh I just wanted to um see I
just wanted to see what matches from
their list uh to ours so on their list
is obviously honesty wealth like wealth
and status and character what did we
what did we choose um let's compare them
so uh let's see if there's anything that
matches up directly
um so we've got the security that
definitely matched up um uh character
yeah character um and there's probably
two direct things um kind of indirectly
the provider part we've got wealth yeah
we've got so the pro we've said provider
um the males have said wealth so that
links in and honesty and respect is
pretty much the same thing you know cuz
if you respect me you're automatically
going to be honest with me with what you
think well we didn't put I said
mindfulness and obedience and I kind of
elaborated on that but we didn't
brutally honest respect put it down
they're not the same that's something
interesting because I've noticed men
want an honest woman obviously as I
don't understand that as a man he'd have
to explain it to me further but that's
just no because
women we can be very dishonest and we
delusional sometimes so I feel like that
comes out in dis honesty like because
we're delusional we start to say this is
what we want but really we don't say we
really want yeah we change our minds a
lot so I think it depends on how we're
feeling in the day in
it yeah you're right because our
emotions are going up and down it's
going up and down and you have to be
understanding of that yeah but sometimes
that can come out as dishonesty because
instead of a woman just saying look this
is what I actually want we kind of make
up this fairy torate scenario and then
yeah I know what you're saying I know so
that's probably why they would say we
want an honest woman and I guess what I
guess what I've noticed what men want in
like I know this is going a little bit
off top what men want in women is for
you to be completely like straight up
direct because this is how their brain
works absolutely we cannot like be like
okay but this is what no go like this is
what I want and I'm going to spell it
out to you I'm going to give you
specific instructions and we don't know
how to do that we because women just
think oh you can read my mind no we
can't men can't read our mind we have to
be very specific and Direct in what we
want and it's hard to do that because of
our the fact that our emotions do Cloud
our judgment so it's a bit difficult but
um I guess if you practice that you'll
eventually you get it I I do feel like
I'm just going to be totally honest here
that the fact that the males have put
down honesty I do feel like that's a
little bit of a projection um because
what I mean is that personally I feel
men are more dishonest than women and I
and I feel like that is a projection
because they are aware of being
dishonest they think that's what we're
looking for you're something because we
we clock on to dishonesty and I feel
like that's why they think we want that
but we haven't put that down that's why
I said in the that's why I elaborated
and I said a man that wears his floors
on his sleeve that's basically me saying
you need to be honest from the jump who
you are what you can give what you can
offer what get because what women
ultimately all we want realistically and
I never mentioned this is the option the
option to opt in or opt out with this
man okay so if a man comes and says to
you
look I work part-time but I'm a drug
dealer and I've gone to prison no she
get some serly I've gone to prison CU
it's the reality I've been to prison
I've got a few few things under my belt
but he's been honest right and when he
say hold on let me land women say we
want an honest man but when the man
comes with the
honesty we're like oh
but we respect him because he's given us
the choice to opt in or up out yeah
exactly do you understand so ultimately
we just want him to be honest so we can
say okay let me opt him with this man
because realistically the other guy was
lying over there and he's told me the
truth even though it's not perfect yeah
he's is standing in his discomfort you
know what I mean so yeah you're right
the projection they probably thought we
were going to say
honesty yeah I feel like that one's a
bit of projection men are just too
scared of like cuz the high standards
they feel like they have to compete with
with they probably have to like kind of
sugar coat and lie about certain things
that's why we didn't care about we
didn't mention honestly but they
mentioned it just to um I think we've
yeah um we've interestingly and this is
probably that I feel the thing that
women complain about the most is the
compassion things and they didn't put
that down yeah this so crazy and I feel
like this is probably the biggest issue
that we face is not feeling like we're
getting enough compassion compassion for
you know when it's the time of month or
child birth or pregnancy or if you are a
working uh wife the fact that you're
also going out to work and you're having
a hard time out in the field you know
coming home you know and you know just
those kinds of hormonal imbalances that
we naturally experience and I just want
to add on to that and in the Quran if
you read it if people are actually
reading the Quran and reading the H
you'll realize that the rights one of
the rights is kindness and why is
kindness for women because that
compassion is absolutely essential
inside of a marriage
without the kindness the woman cannot
respect the man she feels at a l like
hey he doesn't he's not treating me nice
not using nice words is not you know
recognizing that I need his support and
love and affection at this time so it
goes a bit left do you understand so
it's absolutely essential for a man to
be kind and have compassion towards
women yeah yeah of course but you know
um I think also for a man to be that it
is tiing with emotional intelligence you
know for a man to recognize hang going
to minut it like my woman needs
compassion right now like rather than me
just like uh giving us Solutions or
being like you know logical how you
would be how you would be with them
another man and you I think the only
time the only reason why like men the
fact that the men even forgot to put
that on their list is because they don't
really understand us and like if you
educated yourself on the women's
hormones and how we work and what it's
like on the time of the month and and
what we actually experience like the
turmoil we usually go through you know
but I feel like you should start off cuz
I know it's a lot it's a lot it's a lot
so just start off just I don't know do
something small get her flowers give her
a kiss on the forehead tell her she
looks beautiful give her a hug something
small start from some I know it's quite
overwhelming I'm going honestly just
because I want people to genuinely go
away with some today read the
Quran I'm not joking read the Quran
specifically the ayats where Allah is
talking about marriage you it's so
easily it's very easily and very easy to
understand and it's clear and Allah
doesn't is not made no mistakes with the
Quran please people need to read that
Quran because when you read it you
understand the rights of the man and the
rights of the woman and there's no
change in it there's no uh you know
making it's not confusing and inshallah
I would like to just close on that from
me personally that people need to read
the H and when they read and understand
what Allah is actually asking of you
from as a man and as a woman does these
conversations shouldn't be have being
abely because you would understand you
know so that's me personally and I've
myself educated myself more on
relationships because I'm reading my
Quran and I'm understanding actually
it's very simple treat them with
kindness in return they give you respect
and if people understand that it works
perfect it's a perfect balance you know
you know want respect women want
kindness of course you know that saying
you give a a woman a house she makes it
a
home that's literally what it is m and
she makes it at home but there's just
certain ingredients you need to put in
there of course of course you can't do
like that's that's the end goal you need
ingredients to get there of course of
course definitely but yeah that's it